README.md, before:

# SidekiqDelegate

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/sidekiq_delegate`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq_delegate'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sidekiq_delegate

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sidekiq_delegate.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

ENG-160182: Beginning of the rails version specific support.

README.md, after:

## IMPORTANT - Versioning updates to support Rails versions...
With the various versions of Rails that this gem needs to support, we are taking on a new versioning scheme.
This is supported by automated builds from the branches supporting the rails versions.

### Branches and Versions

| Branch   | Version | Description                |
|----------|---------|----------------------------|
| rails4-x | 4       | Supports rails 4           |
| rails5-x | 5       | Supports rails 5 as needed |
| rails6-x | 6       | Supports rails 6 and above |

# SidekiqDelegate

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/sidekiq_delegate`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq_delegate'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sidekiq_delegate

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sidekiq_delegate.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
